Vaccine
=======

Check out Vaccine at [www.vaccinejs.com](http://www.vaccinejs.com)!

The help is also [online](http://www.vaccinejs.com#help-start).

Some things that the intro doesn't cover:

You can also install vaccine with npm with `npm install -g vaccine`. That way
you don't need to copy from the website. Run `vaccine --help` for info on
the options.

FAQ
---

### Who is Vaccine for? ###

Vaccine is specifically targeted for JavaScript libraries. It certainly can
be used by applications, but the benefits of the small size are not as
significant.

### Why a new tool for libraries? ###

Currently libraries are mostly developed as single large file, or multiple
files that are concatenated in a manually defined order. Few libraries
use a modular format such as CommonJS or AMD, instead using weaker
JavaScript idioms. Vaccine lets libraries be developed in these better
formats and still work in the browser as a script tag.

### What needs do libraries have? ###

Libraries need to provide a single built JavaScript file that can be
dropped in a browser script tag. This is the de facto way of using libraries.
Without support for this, the number of possible users of a library
drastically declines.

Libraries need to be cautious about their size. While there are build tools
that can compile AMD/CommonJS modules into a single file, they are too big
for most libraries.

Libraries need to be in control of, or at the very least understand, the
build process. An opaque build tool makes this more difficult. Libraries
may need to extend the build process. Issues may come up with a build tool
or how they are using it.

### How does Vaccine meet these needs? ###

The Vaccine GUI creates a shim and a tiny build script. In combination they
make a library written in AMD or CommonJS work in a single browser script
tag. The shim is configured to be as small as possible, so that the tradeoff
between size added and better modularity tips in favor of better modularity.
Lastly, the tiny build script is easy to comprehend, and easy to modify.

### Why is Vaccine a GUI instead of a tool? ###

A build tool will be added at some point for those who prefer that. The GUI
was done initially for the transparency in how Vaccine works. It is easy
to compare configurations to see how the shim is generated. It is also very
quick to use, so the added convenience from a tool will not be that
substantial.

LICENSE
-------

Vaccine is licensed under the MIT license. No, you don't need to have the
license, or even a copyright comment, if you used the files generated by
the GUI or command line tool. Those are public domain.
